
This program performs quality control and aggregation on a csv file taken from the results of our HIT. 
It begins by reading in the appropriate data. 
The select_qualified_worker function takes in the raw data as a python DataFrame and returns a new version of the data where workers are labeled as qualified or unqualified. In our HIT design, we intend to include three negative quality control profiles which should be ranked as bad matches. In our instructions we will define a bad match as a ranking of 3 or less. These negative quality control profiles will be based on sexual orientation and whether two profiles match in this regard. For example, a profile of a straight man matched with the profile of a gay man would be a bad match and so should be ranked 3 or lower. For a worker to be considered qualified, he or she must accurately rank two out of these three control questions. The code in select_qualified_workers captures this logic and labels a worker (un)qualified accordingly. 
The aggregate_good_data function takes in a data frame of properly labeled with qualified and unqualified workers and returns the cleaned data. This function iterates through the data and removes any worker that is unqualified so that only qualified workers remain.
In the end, this program creates two csv files. One file (QC_Output.csv) consists of the original data now properly labeled with qualified and unqualified workers. The second file (AGG_Output.csv) is the cleaned "gold standard" data that we will use for comparing our algorithm's results.
